[CN-539] Add MultiMap CR documentation (#55)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/multimap-configuration.adoc

= Configuring MultiMaps

> :description: pass:q[Hazelcast MultiMap, also known as IMultiMap, is a specialized map where you can store multiple values under a single key. Just like any other distributed data structure implementation in Hazelcast, MultiMap is distributed and thread-safe. You can create and configure the multimaps using the `MultiMap` Custom Resource.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: pass:q[Hazelcast MultiMap, also known as IMultiMap, is a specialized map where you can store multiple values under a single key. Just like any other distributed data structure implementation in Hazelcast, MultiMap is distributed and thread-safe. You can create and configure MultiMaps using the `MultiMap` custom resource.]
```

{description}

> == Configuring the `MultiMap` Resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring a MultiMap Resource
```

> Below are the configuration options for the `MultiMap` resource. You can find more detailed information in xref:api-ref.adoc#multimapspec[API Reference] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any of the following configuration options in the `MultiMap` resource. For more information, see the xref:api-ref.adoc#multimapspec[API Reference].
```
I always try to avoid saying above or below just in case the position of these options is moved and someone forgets to update the first/lead in sentence.

> [cols="20%m,80%a"]

Reviewer: Maybe increase the size of the first column so that the field names don't wrap?

Author: I used the same value with the other documents, for now I think we don't need to increase it. I checked the preview, the field names don't wrap. Did you see that they are wrapping somehow?

Reviewer: It's probably my screen resolution as the column sizes are proportional so no need to make any updates.

|===
|Field|Description

|name

> |Name of the multiMap config to be created. If empty, the CR name will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Name of the MultiMap configuration that you're creating. If empty, the custom resource (CR) name is used.
```

|hazelcastResourceName

> |HazelcastResourceName defines the name of the Hazelcast resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Defines the name of the Hazelcast resource.
```

|backupCount
|Count of synchronous backups.

|binary

> |When true stores values in BINARY format, otherwise stores values in OBJECT format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|When true, stores all MultiMap values in BINARY format, otherwise stores these values in OBJECT format.
```

|collectionType

> |Type of the value collection. It can be SET or LIST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The type of the value collection. Use either SET or LIST.
```

|===

== Example Configuration

> The following `MultiMap` resource creates a multiMap configuration for the `Hazelcast` custom resource that is defined in the `hazelcastResourceName` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `MultiMap` custom resource creates a MultiMap configuration for the `Hazelcast` resource that is defined in the `hazelcastResourceName` field.
```

.Example configuration
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/multimap.yaml[]
----

> After creating the `MultiMap` resource, you can learn about its status with the following command

Reviewer: I don't know a lot about applying/creating the MultiMap resource, but is it obvious how to do this or would it be useful to add this in as a first step?

Author: I think, it is really obvious and we don't need to add. But I'll discuss it with the team. If we decide to add creation step, we can add it to all documents that missing it on another PR. Is that okay for you?

Reviewer: Sure, that is fine.

> After creating the `MultiMap` resource, you can learn about its status with the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the `MultiMap` resource, use the following command to check its status:
```
